Prevent NameSimplifier and VarNameCleaner from producing Yul identifiers with leading and trailing dots (#15149)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

Bugfixes:

> * Yul: NameSimplifier and VarNameCleaner steps could lead to forbidden identifiers with a leading and/or trailing dot, e.g., `let x._ := f()` would get simplified to `x.`.

Reviewer: One odd quirk to be aware of is that for some odd reason we're using the RST double backticks instead of single ones in the changelog.

Also, `f()` does not seem relevant here so I'd remove it. We don't usually add examples in the changelog to keep it more concise. This one is short so I guess it's fine though.

Finally, is it both `NameSimplifier` and `VarNameCleaner` or just one of them? I put both in the PR name, because it touches a function used by both, but from the issue I got an impression that only `NameSimplifier` was affected. Maybe it would be best just not to mention the step by name. It's not even technically a step, just a part of the optimization process.

```suggestion
* Yul Optimizer: Name simplification could lead to forbidden identifiers with a leading and/or trailing dot, e.g., ``x._`` would get simplified into ``x.``.
```

Author: Yeah makes sense, this captures it better.
